W-14915457 rpa setup guide (#88)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: financial-services/1.10/modules/ROOT/pages/rpa-setup-guide.adoc

. Open a record in the AMS database using a lookup code.
. Copy data from various fields on the record pages to [should be a CSV file but is a POST REST call in JSON format to http://mainstreet-demo.us-e2.cloudhub.io/epicpolicy]

image placeholder

You can add activities by clicking on an element on the model panel and choosing an element from the context menu. For example, the following image shows how to branch off to a second AMS if you are using more than one and not finding the data you need in the first AMS:

image placeholder

Click on an activity to open the editing workflow.

=== Activity 1: Log in to the AMS

Follow these steps to log in to the AMS:

. Decrypt the AMS login credentials that go in through an Activity Parameter.
. Run the AMS.
. Log in to the AMS using the decrypted credentials.
. Select the database using another in-going Activity Parameter.
+
image placeholder

. Change the following in the *Run Program Wizard* dialog:

.. Replace the values in the *File name* and *Window Title* fields with the values from your AMS.
.. Click the *Test* button to run the application so that you can use it to adapt the following Action Steps:
+
image placeholder 1
+

> image placeholder 2

Reviewer: Hi @tasmoore, you only need one of each duplicated image. If you like them, you can use the marked-up screenshots. If not, use the blank ones and add your own mark-up.

= RPA Setup Guide

This guide provides instructions for implementing the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/0b4cad67-8f23-4ffe-a87f-ffd10a1f6873/mulesoft-accelerator-for-financial-services/minor/{fins-version}/pages/Use%20case%207%20-%20Unlock%20AMS%20through%20hyperautomation%20for%20insurance%20brokers/[Unlock AMS Through Hyperautomation for Insurance Brokers] use case, which is part of the MuleSoft Accelerator for Financial Services.

The use case leverages MuleSoft's Robotic Process Automation (RPA) solution to retrieve customer data from your Agency Management System (AMS) and automatically load the data into your CRM. To implement this use case, you must set up RPA on the device that runs the automation process and configure the solution to your specific AMS.

== Before You Begin

> * Create an Anypoint Platform account xref:rpa-home::automation-userrolesandpermissions-anypointrpapermissions.adoc[and assign it the `RPA Automations Manager` and `RPA Bots Manager` permissions].

Reviewer: Can you just create an Anypoint Platform Account? Don't you have to buy the Automation bundle to use this solution?

Author: Good question! Are we assuming the customer will have access to create an Anypoint account?

> * Download the latest version of MuleSoft RPA Manager, RPA Builder, and RPA Bot.

Reviewer: RPA Manager is a cloud solution that belongs to the MuleSoft Automation bundle, so this is provided and has not to be installed. You have to download RPA Builder and RPA Bot from the RPA Manager Home Page and then connect them to your RPA Manager instance. 

- https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/install-and-configure
- https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-bot/latest/installation

Reviewer: You have to installl Bot and Builder on the computer from where you can access the AMS.

* Ensure you have access to your AMS and its database metadata.
* Ensure you have access to the Salesforce Financial Services Cloud organization to which your AMS data will be loaded.

> * Connect the RPA Bot that is built for this solution to RPA Manager.

Reviewer: Remove this sentence. The information should be included in line 10. (Bots are not built.)

Once you create the project, xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-develop.adoc#build-a-process[move it directly to the Build phase] without making any changes.

== Importing the CRPA File to RPA Builder

. Log in to RPA Builder on the device on which the process runs.
. On the xref:rpa-builder::ui-overview.adoc[Repository tab in the Explorer pane] in RPA Builder, click the name of the process you created in RPA Manager.
. Click *File* on the xref:rpa-builder::ui-overview.adoc#menu-bar[Menu Bar], then click *Import Project*.
. Select the .crpa file you downloaded in Exchange. The project opens in the model pane and includes three activities, which you must adapt to your AMS.

== Adapting the CRPA File to Your AMS

. Double-click each activity on the model pane to open the workflow.

> . Compare the shown process with your process and adapt the action steps accordingly. See How to adapt the CRPA file for an example.

Reviewer: Missing link? How to adapt...

. Save and upload the project to RPA Manager.

== Transferring Project to the Test Phase and Testing It

> Now that you have adapted the file to your AMS, xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy.adoc#test-a-process-automation[follow these steps] to transfer the project to the Test phase and test it.

Reviewer: Replace the link text 'follow these steps' with 'transfer the project to the Test phase and test it'.

== Transferring the Project to the Production Phase

> After successfully testing the project, xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy.adoc[transfer the project to the Production phase]. Once transferred, do one of the following:

Reviewer: Remove link, because the phase transition is part of each of the two options.
(We still need to clarify whether to explain both options or choose one. )

* xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy.adoc#deploy-a-process-automation[Deploy the project] and schedule it as needed.

> * Publish the project to Anypoint Exchange as an invocable run configuration, which can be called as an invocable action in a flow.

Reviewer: Use link from line 51 with 'Publish the project to Anypoint Exchange as an invocable run configuration' as link text.

> ** xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy#publish-automation-exchange[Publish RPA Manager Project to Exchange]

Reviewer: Remove because included in text above.

** xref:rpa-manager::settings-connect.adoc[RPA Manager Settings]
** https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.flow_build_use_flows_with_mulesoft_rpa.htm&type=5[Use Flows with MuleSoft RPA]

> ** xref:composer::ms_composer_rpa_reference.adoc[RPA Reference]

Reviewer: We need to check if we are supposed to use Composer at all for this solution. If not, remove link.

All values for the Activity Parameters used in RPA Builder are test values that you must overwrite with your own values when creating the run configuration for the process in RPA Manager.

=== Process Model

The process model contains the following three activities:

. Log in to the AMS using credentials and a database name.
. Open a record in the AMS database using a lookup code.
. Copy data from various fields on the record pages to a CSV file.
//Step 3 above should be a CSV file but is a POST REST call in JSON format to http://mainstreet-demo.us-e2.cloudhub.io/epicpolicy. I (Tasha) wrote the instructions as a CSV. What should the text actually state?

image::rpa-setup-process-model.png[RPA Builder process model]

You can add activities by clicking on an element on the model panel and choosing an element from the context menu. For example, the following image shows how to branch off to a second AMS if you are using more than one and not finding the data you need in the first AMS:

image::rpa-setup-add-activity.png[Add activity to RPA Builder process model]

Click on an activity to open the editing workflow.

=== Activity 1: Log in to the AMS

> Follow these steps to log in to the AMS:

Reviewer: These is actually an overview of the  steps contained in the .crpa file. 
Generally there are 4 steps to log in to the AMS. These are marked with the numbered boxes 1 to 4, which can contain more than one Action Step to implement the one general step.

So instead of writing 'Follow these steps', maybe use an additional sub-heading like 'Overview of the Activity Workflow' and another sub-heading of the same level here: ***

Author: I am not sure if I applied your change correctly, so please take a look at the revision.

Reviewer: Hi Tasha, 
I thinks that's clearer. Could you adpapt the second (and probably third) Activity using these headings, too?

. Decrypt the AMS login credentials that go in through an Activity Parameter.
. Run the AMS.
. Log in to the AMS using the decrypted credentials.
. Select the database using another in-going Activity Parameter.
+
image::rpa-setup-activity-parameters-wizard.png[RPA Builder Activity Parameter Wizard]

> 

Reviewer: *** Add another heading like 'Minimum steps to change/adapt in this Workflow' here and restart the numbering.

> . Change the following in the *Run Program Wizard* dialog:

Reviewer: Replace 
'*Run Program Wizard* dialog'
with
'xref:https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-control-run-program.adoc[*Run Program* Action Step]'

> .. Replace the values in the *File name* and *Window Title* fields with the values from your AMS.

Reviewer: the *File name*, *Parameters*, and *Window Title* fields

> .. Click the *Test* button to run the application so that you can use it to adapt the following Action Steps:

Reviewer: Replace : with .

Author: I think the : is needed since "the following" is used in the sentence.

Reviewer: Sorry, I think I misplaced  this comment...

+
image::rpa-setup-run-program-wizard.png[RPA Builder Run Program Wizard]

> . Use the *Start from scratch* option to capture and test a new pattern that indicates the login page of the AMS is visible onscreen:

Reviewer: Use the *Start from scratch* option in the https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-checks-image-search[*Image Search* Action Step]

+
image::rpa-setup-image-search-wizard.png[RPA Builder Image Search Wizard]

> . Re-identify the field to enter the password. It may be necessary to add a similar Action Step above for entering the user name.

Reviewer: in the https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-app-automation-keystrokes-to-app-element[*Keystrokes to App Element* Action Step]

Reviewer: (There might be more than one Action Step of the same type. But the one referred to here is marked in the screenshot. Optionally we could also add the individual name of the AS of the example.)

+
image::rpa-setup-keystrokes-app-element-wizard.png[RPA Builder Keystrokes to App Element Wizard]

> . Re-identify the *Login* button to click on:

Reviewer: in the https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-app-automation-click-app-element[*Click App Element* Action Step]

+
image::rpa-setup-click-app-element-wizard.png[RPA Builder Click App Element Wizard]

. Make sure you wait for the login process to complete by choosing a pattern that will disappear after completion:
+
image::rpa-setup-choose-pattern.png[RPA Builder Image Search Wizard choose pattern]

. Adapt the other Action Steps of the same types in a similar way. Or, add or delete Action Steps based on what is needed to log in to your AMS.

=== Activity 2: Find a Record in the AMS

The second activity finds a record in the AMS using a lookup code.

. Enter the lookup code, which was provided as an Activity Parameter, as locate criterion to search for the account data set.
. Click on the result entry to open the account data and wait until it is fully loaded.

image::rpa-setup-lookup-code.png[RPA Builder lookup code]

Change the following Action Steps:

. Adapt the first Action Steps as you did in the previous Activity.

> . Adapt the scan area in the AI OCR Action Step in which RPA Bot searches for the record entry with the lookup code:

Reviewer: https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-text-recognition-ai-ocr-screen-based

+
image::rpa-setup-ai-ocr-wizard.png[RPA Builder AI OCR screen-based Wizard]

. Adapt the rest of the Action Steps as you did in the previous Activity.

> === Activity 3: Copy the data from the AMS to 

Reviewer: Activity 3: Retrieve and export data from the AMS

The third activity retrieves data and exports the data from the AMS to Salesforce Financial Services Cloud.

. Retrieve account data.
. Retrieve the policy data of the account.
. Export the data in one of the following ways:

> .. CSV file

Reviewer: (in the screenshot, 3b is the CSV export. But we need to check anyway if we need to include the REST Call.)

.. REST call

image::rpa-setup-export-data.png[RPA Builder export data]

Change the following Action Steps:

> . To retrieve the data, re-identify the fields from which to read in all the Read Text from App Element Action Steps and add or delete them as needed.

Reviewer: https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-app-automation-read-text-from-app-element

image::rpa-setup-read-text-app-element-wizard.png[RPA Builder Read Text from App Element Wizard]

It is sometimes necessary to click into a field before reading the text, and then to use a keystroke to get out of the field afterward.

image::rpa-setup-read-text-tip.png[RPA Builder tip for getting in and out of fields]

If you search for text in a special format, you can use Optical Character Recognition in combination with regular expressions.

image::rpa-setup-optical-character-recognition.png[How to use optical character recognition in RPA Builder]

[start=2]

> . Ensure all retrieved data is pinned to the Combine Strings Action Steps and adjust if necessary. You can also link more Activity Parameters. 

Reviewer: https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-variable-handling-combine-strings

> . Ensure all retrieved data is pinned to the Combine Strings Action Steps and adjust if necessary. You can also link more Activity Parameters. 

Reviewer: remove s from Action Steps (it's only one)

+
image::rpa-setup-combine-strings-wizard.png[RPA Builder Combine Strings Wizard]

. Add the string to a CSV file via the `Pin Variable`. You can adjust the properties as needed. The CSV file must be in the format specified.

> +

Reviewer: More info on the CSV format might be found here:

- https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=000381876&type=1
- https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.api_asynch.meta/api_asynch/datafiles_field_names.htm
- https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.248.0.object_reference.meta/object_reference/sforce_api_objects_list.htm
- https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.object_reference.meta/object_reference/sforce_api_objects_account.htm

Reviewer: see our project chat

+
image::rpa-setup-choose-pattern.png[RPA Builder Image Search Wizard choose pattern]

. Adapt the other Action Steps of the same types in a similar way. Or, add or delete Action Steps based on what is needed to log in to your AMS.

=== Activity 2: Find a Record in the AMS

The second activity finds a record in the AMS using a lookup code.

. Enter the lookup code, which was provided as an Activity Parameter, as locate criterion to search for the account data set.
. Click on the result entry to open the account data and wait until it is fully loaded.

image::rpa-setup-lookup-code.png[RPA Builder lookup code]

Change the following Action Steps:

. Adapt the first Action Steps as you did in the previous Activity.
. Adapt the scan area in the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-text-recognition-ai-ocr-screen-based.adoc[AI OCR Action Step] in which RPA Bot searches for the record entry with the lookup code:
+
image::rpa-setup-ai-ocr-wizard.png[RPA Builder AI OCR screen-based Wizard]

. Adapt the rest of the Action Steps as you did in the previous Activity.

=== Activity 3: Retrieve and Export Data from the AMS

> The third activity retrieves data and exports the data from the AMS to Salesforce Financial Services Cloud.

Reviewer: The third activity retrieves data and exports the data from the AMS **so that it can be imported into** Salesforce Financial Services Cloud.
(This will be done by another element of the Accelerator, I think.)

. Retrieve account data.
. Retrieve the policy data of the account.
. Export the data in one of the following ways:
.. CSV file
.. REST call

image::rpa-setup-export-data.png[RPA Builder export data]

Change the following Action Steps:

. To retrieve the data, re-identify the fields from which to read in each of the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-app-automation-read-text-from-app-element.adoc[Read Text from App Element Action Steps] and add or delete them as needed.

image::rpa-setup-read-text-app-element-wizard.png[RPA Builder Read Text from App Element Wizard]

It is sometimes necessary to click into a field before reading the text, and then to use a keystroke to get out of the field afterward.

image::rpa-setup-read-text-tip.png[RPA Builder tip for getting in and out of fields]

> If you search for text in a special format, you can use Optical Character Recognition in combination with regular expressions.

Reviewer: https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/toolbox-text-recognition-ai-ocr-screen-based

image::rpa-setup-optical-character-recognition.png[How to use optical character recognition in RPA Builder]

[start=2]

> . Ensure all retrieved data is pinned to the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-combine-strings.adoc[Combine Strings Action Step] and adjust if necessary. You can also link more Activity Parameters. 

Reviewer: https://docs.mulesoft.com/rpa-builder/latest/common-properties#variables [pinned]

+
image::rpa-setup-combine-strings-wizard.png[RPA Builder Combine Strings Wizard]

> . Add the string to a CSV file via the `Pin Variable`. You can adjust the properties as needed. The CSV file must be in the format specified.

Reviewer: Add the string to a CSV file as Pin Variable.

:fins-version: {page-component-version}

= RPA Setup Guide

This guide provides instructions for implementing the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/0b4cad67-8f23-4ffe-a87f-ffd10a1f6873/mulesoft-accelerator-for-financial-services/minor/{fins-version}/pages/Use%20case%207%20-%20Unlock%20AMS%20through%20automation%20for%20insurance%20brokers/[Unlock AMS Through Automation for Insurance Brokers] use case, which is part of the MuleSoft Accelerator for Financial Services.

The use case leverages MuleSoft's Robotic Process Automation (RPA) solution to retrieve customer data from your Agency Management System (AMS) and automatically load the data into Salesforce Financial Services Cloud (FSC). To implement this use case, you must set up RPA on the device that runs the automation process and configure the solution to your specific AMS.

== Before You Begin

> * Ensure the Anypoint Platform account that will be used has xref:rpa-home::automation-userrolesandpermissions-anypointrpapermissions.adoc[the RPA Automations Manager and RPA Bots Manager permissions].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ensure that the Anypoint Platform account to use has xref:rpa-home::automation-userrolesandpermissions-anypointrpapermissions.adoc[the RPA Automations Manager and RPA Bots Manager permissions].
```

* Install the latest version of MuleSoft xref:rpa-builder::install-and-configure.adoc[RPA Builder] and xref:rpa-bot::installation.adoc[RPA Bot] from the RPA Manager home page.

> * Ensure you have access to your AMS and its database metadata. Configure the custom fields in the [FINS AMS Salesforce Sync Handler - Implementation Template], ensuring that the custom field names match the column names on the CSV file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ensure that you have access to your AMS and its database metadata. Configure the custom fields in the [FINS AMS Salesforce Sync Handler - Implementation Template], ensuring that the custom field names match the column names on the CSV file.
```

> * Ensure you have access to the Salesforce Financial Services Cloud organization to which your AMS data will be loaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ensure that you have access to the Salesforce Financial Services Cloud organization to which your AMS data will be loaded.
```

> * Download the “AMS_to_FSC.crpa” file to the same device on which RPA Builder is installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Download the `AMS_to_FSC.crpa` file to the same device on which RPA Builder is installed.
```

== Workflow Overview

. Create two projects in RPA Manager:

> .. The first project contains the process for getting all relevant datasets and looping over them in your AMS. For each dataset, the second project is called.

Reviewer 2: This list item and the next one should be unordered.

> .. The first project contains the process for getting all relevant datasets and looping over them in your AMS. For each dataset, the second project is called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The first project contains the process for getting all relevant datasets and looping over them in your AMS. For each dataset, the second project is called.
```

> .. The second project contains the process for getting the data from one AMS dataset and adding it to a CSV file, which is imported at a later step to FSC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The second project contains the process for getting the data from one AMS dataset and adding it to a CSV file, which is imported at a later step to FSC.
```

. Deploy a scheduled configuration for the first project.

== Creating a Project in RPA Manager

To create a new project in RPA Manager, see xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-manage.adoc#create-an-automation-project[Create an Automation Project]. If a new category is needed when creating a project, see xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-prepare-project-category.adoc#create-a-category[Create a Category].

Once you create the project, xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-develop.adoc#build-a-process[move it directly to the Build phase] without making any changes.

== Importing the CRPA File to RPA Builder

. Log in to RPA Builder on the device on which the process runs.
. On the xref:rpa-builder::ui-overview.adoc[Repository tab in the Explorer pane] in RPA Builder, click the name of the process you created.
. Click *File* on the xref:rpa-builder::ui-overview.adoc#menu-bar[Menu Bar], and then click *Import Project*.
. Select the CRPA file you downloaded from Exchange. The project opens in the model pane and includes three activities, which you must adapt to your AMS.

== Adapting the CRPA File to Your AMS

. Double-click each activity on the model pane to open the workflow.

> . Compare the process that is shown with your process and adapt the action steps accordingly. See <<example-of-adapting-the-crpa-file>> for a detailed example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Compare the displayed process with your process and adapt the action steps accordingly. See <<example-of-adapting-the-crpa-file>> for a detailed example.
```

. Save and upload the project to RPA Manager.

== Transferring the Second Project to the Test Phase and Testing It

Now that you have adapted the file to your AMS, xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy.adoc#test-a-process-automation[transfer the project to the Test phase and test it].

== Transferring the Second Project to the Production Phase

> After successfully testing the project, transfer the project to the Production phase and publish the project to Anypoint Exchange xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy.adoc#publish-automation-exchange[as an invokable run configuration]. Refer to the following documentation for help with this process:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After successfully testing the project, transfer the project to the Production phase and publish the project to Anypoint Exchange xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy.adoc#publish-automation-exchange[as an invokable run configuration]. For help with this process, refer to...```

** xref:rpa-manager::settings-connect.adoc[RPA Manager Settings]

> ** https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.flow_build_use_flows_with_mulesoft_rpa.htm&type=5[Use Flows with MuleSoft RPA]

Reviewer 2: Why does the reference have "RPA Manager Settings" in it?

Reviewer: Could be replaced by 
Connecting to RPA Processes from Salesforce Products

== Implementing and Deploying the First Project

> Now that you have published the other project as an invokable run configuration, you can call it from within another process using the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-network-rest-call.adoc[*REST Call* Action Step].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you have published the second project as an invokable run configuration, you can call it from within another process by using the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-network-rest-call.adoc[*REST Call* Action Step].
```

> The process should take a list of lookup codes provided via a file and use the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-flow-control-file-controlled-loop.adoc[*File Controlled Loop* Action Step] to iterate over all codes and use them within the request body of the REST call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second process should take a list of lookup codes provided via a file, use the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-flow-control-file-controlled-loop.adoc[*File Controlled Loop* Action Step] to iterate over all codes, and use the codes within the request body of the REST call.
```

Reviewer: Is it clear that the REST Call is made within each iteration of the loop over all lookup codes?

xref:rpa-manager::processautomation-deploy.adoc#deploy-a-process-automation[Deploy the project] and schedule it as needed.

[[example-of-adapting-the-crpa-file]]
== Example of Adapting the CRPA File

[NOTE]

> The example in this guide uses real world data to show you how to adapt a CRPA file to a specific AMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example in this guide uses real-world data to show you how to adapt a CRPA file to a specific AMS.
```

> All values for the Activity Parameters used in RPA Builder are test values that you must overwrite with your own values when creating the run configuration for the process in RPA Manager.

Reviewer 2: Can you break this into two sentences? It is a bit long.

> All values for the Activity Parameters used in RPA Builder are test values that you must overwrite with your own values when creating the run configuration for the process in RPA Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All values for the Activity Parameters used in RPA Builder are test values. You must overwrite these values with your own values when you create the run configuration for the process in RPA Manager.
```

Reviewer 2: The sentence was long so I attempted to break it up.

=== Process Model

> The process model contains the following three activities:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The process model contains the following activities:
```

. Log in to the AMS using credentials and a database name.
. Open a record in the AMS database using a lookup code.
. Copy data from various fields on the record pages to a CSV file.
//Step 3 above should be a CSV file but is a POST REST call in JSON format to http://mainstreet-demo.us-e2.cloudhub.io/epicpolicy. I (Tasha) wrote the instructions as a CSV. What should the text actually state?

image::rpa-setup-process-model.png[RPA Builder process model]

> You can add activities by clicking on an element on the model panel and choosing an element from the context menu. For example, the following image shows how to branch off to a second AMS if you are using more than one and not finding the data you need in the first AMS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add activities by clicking on an element on the model panel and choosing an element from the context menu. For example, the following image shows how to branch off to a second AMS if you are using more than one AMS and not finding the data you need in the first AMS:
```

image::rpa-setup-add-activity.png[Add activity to RPA Builder process model]

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add:
The linter automatically checks the model for completeness and displays messages to indicate what to change.

Click on an activity to open the editing workflow.

> === Activity 1: Log in to the AMS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Activity 1: Log In to the AMS
```

==== Overview of the Activity Workflow

. Decrypt the AMS login credentials that go in through an Activity Parameter.
. Run the AMS.

> . Log in to the AMS using the decrypted credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Log in to the AMS by using the decrypted credentials.
```

> . Select the database using another in-going Activity Parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select the database by using another in-going Activity Parameter.
```

+
image::rpa-setup-activity-parameters-wizard.png[RPA Builder Activity Parameter Wizard]

==== Minimum Steps to Adapt in This Workflow

. Change the following in the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-control-run-program.adoc[Run Program Action Step]:
.. Replace the values in the *File name*, *Parameters*, and *Window Title* fields with the values from your AMS.

> .. Click the *Test* button to run the application so that you can use it to adapt the following Action Steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Click *Test* to run the application so that you can use it to adapt the following Action Steps:
```

+
image::rpa-setup-run-program-wizard.png[RPA Builder Run Program Wizard]

> . Use the *Start from scratch* option to capture and test a new pattern that indicates the login page of the AMS is visible onscreen:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Use the *Start from scratch* option to capture and test a new pattern that indicates that the login page of the AMS is visible onscreen:
```

Reviewer 2: Use the *Start from scratch* option > Select *Start from scratch* (if this is something to select).

+
image::rpa-setup-image-search-wizard.png[RPA Builder Image Search Wizard]

> . Re-identify the field to enter the password. It may be necessary to add a similar Action Step previously for entering the user name in the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-app-automation-keystrokes-to-app-element.adoc[Keystrokes to App Element Action Step].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Reidentify the field to enter the password. You might have to add an Action Step for entering the user name in the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-app-automation-keystrokes-to-app-element.adoc[Keystrokes to App Element Action Step].
```

Reviewer 2: It is not clear what "previously" is referring to. Do you mean the Run Program Action Step?

Reviewer: Hi Diane,
the screenshot shows just one Action Step for entering the password for logging in to the AMS. If the username must be entered, too, the user/reader needs to put another _Keystrokes to App Element_ Action Step in front of/before the password-entering-step in the workflow.

Author: I'll add "Keystrokes to App Element" before "Action Step" to make this clearer.

+
image::rpa-setup-keystrokes-app-element-wizard.png[RPA Builder Keystrokes to App Element Wizard]

. Re-identify the *Login* button, which is used in the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-app-automation-click-app-element.adoc[Click App Element Action Step]:
+
image::rpa-setup-click-app-element-wizard.png[RPA Builder Click App Element Wizard]

> . Wait for the login process to complete by choosing a pattern that will disappear after completion:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Wait for the login process to complete by choosing a pattern that disappears after completion:
```

+
image::rpa-setup-choose-pattern.png[RPA Builder Image Search Wizard choose pattern]

. Adapt the other Action Steps of the same types in a similar way. Or, add or delete Action Steps based on what is needed to log in to your AMS.

=== Activity 2: Find a Record in the AMS

> The second activity finds a record in the AMS using a lookup code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second activity finds a record in the AMS by using a lookup code.
```

. Enter the lookup code, which was provided as an Activity Parameter, as locate criterion to search for the account data set.

> . Click on the result entry to open the account data, and then wait until it is fully loaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click on the result entry to open the account data, and then wait until it's fully loaded.
```

image::rpa-setup-lookup-code.png[RPA Builder lookup code]

Change the following Action Steps:

. Adapt the first Action Steps as you did in the previous Activity.
. Adapt the scan area in the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-text-recognition-ai-ocr-screen-based.adoc[AI OCR Action Step] in which RPA Bot searches for the record entry with the lookup code:
+
image::rpa-setup-ai-ocr-wizard.png[RPA Builder AI OCR screen-based Wizard]

. Adapt the rest of the Action Steps as you did in the previous Activity.

=== Activity 3: Retrieve and Export Data from the AMS

> The third activity retrieves data and exports the data from the AMS so that it can be imported into to Salesforce Financial Services Cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The third activity retrieves data and exports the data from the AMS so that it can be imported to Salesforce Financial Services Cloud.
```

. Retrieve account data.
. Retrieve the policy data of the account.
. Export the data to a CSV file.

image::rpa-setup-export-data.png[RPA Builder export data]

Change the following Action Steps:

> . To retrieve the data, re-identify the fields from which to read in each of the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-app-automation-read-text-from-app-element.adoc[Read Text from App Element Action Steps] and add or delete them as needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To retrieve the data, reidentify the fields from which to read in each of the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-app-automation-read-text-from-app-element.adoc[Read Text from App Element Action Steps] and add or delete them as needed.
```

image::rpa-setup-read-text-app-element-wizard.png[RPA Builder Read Text from App Element Wizard]

> It is sometimes necessary to click into a field before reading the text and then use a keystroke to get out of the field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If necessary, click into a field before reading the text and then use a keystroke to get out of the field.
```

image::rpa-setup-read-text-tip.png[RPA Builder tip for getting in and out of fields]

> If you search for text in a special format, you can use xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-text-recognition-ai-ocr-screen-based.adoc[Optical Character Recognition] in combination with regular expressions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To search for text in a special format, you can use xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-text-recognition-ai-ocr-screen-based.adoc[Optical Character Recognition] in combination with regular expressions.
```

image::rpa-setup-optical-character-recognition.png[How to use optical character recognition in RPA Builder]

[start=2]

> . Ensure all the data that has been retrieved is xref:rpa-builder::common-properties.adoc#variables[pinned] to the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-combine-strings.adoc[Combine Strings Action Step] and adjust if necessary. You can also link more Activity Parameters. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Ensure that all retrieved data is xref:rpa-builder::common-properties.adoc#variables[pinned] to the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-combine-strings.adoc[Combine Strings Action Step] and adjust if necessary. You can also link more Activity Parameters. 
```

> . Ensure all the data that has been retrieved is xref:rpa-builder::common-properties.adoc#variables[pinned] to the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-combine-strings.adoc[Combine Strings Action Step] and adjust if necessary. You can also link more Activity Parameters. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Ensure that all retrieved data is xref:rpa-builder::common-properties.adoc#variables[pinned] to the xref:rpa-builder::toolbox-variable-handling-combine-strings.adoc[Combine Strings Action Step] and adjust if necessary. You can also link more Activity Parameters. 
```

+
image::rpa-setup-combine-strings-wizard.png[RPA Builder Combine Strings Wizard]

> . Add the string to a CSV file as `Pin Variable`. You can adjust the properties as needed. The CSV file must be in the specified format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Add the string to a CSV file as `Pin Variable` and adjust the properties as needed. The CSV file must be in the specified format.
```
